Hey, good morning, everybody.
Welcome to church.
It's so good to be with you today, whether you are in the room or wherever you are joining us from.
Thanks for joining us today, especially welcome to you.
This is your first time here and thanks for checking out a new place today.
I want to invite all of us to stand together as we sing and worship together, as we are reminded of who Jesus is and what he has done for us.
So good to be with you.
Let's sing.
Let's worship.
Here we go.
In the presence of my enemies, yes.
How are these a lot in who you are?
Not a day that you'll believe.
How are
kick off our service together.
You can have a seat for just a moment.
Well, at this time, we're gonna have an opportunity to celebrate communion together.
And if you didn't get the elements as you came in today, you can just raise your hand and keep it raised.
And our hosts will come down the aisles and make sure that you've got that.
But I just wanna ask that you'd hold on to those for just a moment.
And we'll continue on.
But on the night that Jesus was betrayed,
He was spending time with his disciples, sharing a meal together.
And what's wild to think about is that he knew that their faith would be tested, that they'd be scattered.
He knew that somebody was going to deny him and another one of his disciples was going to completely betray him.
And yet in that moment, he chose to express his love for them and serve them.
And so he took bread and he broke it.
And he said, this is my body broken for you.
When you eat it, remember me.
And then he took a cup and he blessed it.
And he said, this is my blood shed for the sacrifice for you.
And so he says, when we eat this bread and drink of this cup, that we'd remember the sacrifice that he made for us to experience freedom, to experience life, to experience forgiveness of sins.
And I love what Ephesians 4, 21 through 24 says.
It says, since you have heard about Jesus and have learned the truth that comes from Him, throw off your old sinful nature in your former way of life, which is corrupted by lust and deception.
Instead, let the spirit renew your thoughts and attitudes put on your new nature, created to be like God, truly righteous and holy.
as you reflect and pause in these next few moments.
I just want to challenge you to think about, is there something you need to throw off in your life?
Is there a sin that you need to confess?
Is there a grudge that you've been holding?
Is there somebody that's hurt you that you need to forgive or ask God to help you forgive?
Or maybe you need to ask the Spirit to renew or change something in you.
Take these next few moments as we continue on in worship to think about that, to pray about that, to confess that to God, ask Him to help you put on the new self that only comes to Jesus Christ.
And we're gonna continue as we worship with a couple more songs, but this next song just reminds us all about that sacrifice.
Our faith hinges on the resurrection.
It hinges on what Jesus did for us.
And so we're going to remember that.
We're going to be grateful for that and ask God for him to come in and move in our lives and our hearts.
So when you're ready, you can open up those elements and receive communion and the band will stand us in just a few moments for this next song.
that you break chains, that you tear off the old things that keep us from you.
God, that we can step foot in here and know that you see us, you love us, and that we have a living hope in you when we place our hope and our future in you.
God, that you are here waiting for us.
Lord Jesus, we need more of you in our life, and that's what we ask for.
We want that.
God, would you come in and replace the areas that we've kept you out of?
we need you.
So God, would you do that in us today?
Send us out of here a little different than we came in.
We pray all of this.
In your strong and powerful name, amen.
Church, thanks for singing with us.
You can go ahead and take a seat.
Hey everyone and welcome to Eaglebrook Church.
My name is Jeff Dodge.
I am the online campus pastor and last weekend was one that I will never forget.
Like maybe one of the most fulfilling things I've ever done in ministry.
And this story actually begins years ago.
I was just starting out as an online pastor trying to figure out what that even meant.
And there was a story that we were gonna share on the weekend about a bar in Wisconsin that during COVID would show our services on Monday evenings.
We had the idea, well, what if other people are doing this as well and we just don't know about it or better yet, what if we invited people to do this in their communities?
A way that they could leverage the online service to reach their neighbors with the gospel.
And so we thought we could gather and show it in living rooms and coffee shops and movie theater
as a conference rooms, and we wanted to call them something very obvious so that people would understand what they are.
So these groups of people would view the service together.
So viewing groups were really good at this, but right before we announced to the entire church, I had this vivid moment of doubt.
I was sitting behind my desk, I put my head down, and I was thinking, this is just too simple.
Basically, we're challenging people to turn on their TV and invite their neighbors to watch it with them.
Like there's no way that this actually works.
And sure enough, dozens of people reached out to start a group of their own.
And one of those couples was Randin and Emily Ruggles from Southwest Florida.
Their group continued to grow.
Other amazing leaders stepped up to support them.
And now we have three viewing groups in Southwest Florida.
Fast forward to last weekend.
Our online team had the privilege of going to see what God was doing in person.
We got to meet them.
Hang out with them.
Hear the stories of how God has transformed their lives, and then we went to the ocean to baptize 26 of them.
Before this viewing group started, many of them had never even heard of Eagle Brook.
Some had barely ever attended church, and through the viewing groups, God has totally transformed their lives.
And last weekend, they got to declare their faith in Jesus in the ocean through baptism.
What was once just an idea being discussed in a conference room, today has become a tool that God has used to transform people's lives.
If you live outside of driving distance of one of our campuses, I want to invite you to start a viewing group of your own.
Leverage our weekend services to reach your neighbors with the gospel.
We have learned a lot over the years about what makes these groups successful and would love a chance to connect with you to see what that could look like in your community.
To let us know you're interested, head to Eaglebrookchurch.com, scroll down and click on the viewing group tile.
And as you're doing that, I'm going to hand it over to Jason for today's message.
I was in seminary.
I volunteered at a nursing home as a part of a pastoral care class that I was in.
And so on the first day, I kind of want to make a good impression or a button-up shirt, khakis.
I got there.
It was 96 degrees in the nursing home.
I was sweating like crazy.
The chaplain walked me around to introduce me to the residents and the first woman he introduced me to took one look at me and she said, comb your hair.
This is a picture of what I look like back then.
So she had a little bit of a point, and I don't know why I did this, but I tried to explain to her that it wasn't messy, it's just a style.
I said, this is how people are wearing their hair these days.
She looked at me and she said, that's not a style, that's just messy looking.
And I was irritated, but I took the high road, I said, do you want a piece of me?
But then the chaplain,
told her that I was a seminary student who was gonna be volunteering at the nursing home and she looked at me and this is what she said.
She said, and you call yourself religious with hair like that.
How can you tell if someone's a Christian?
Is it by their hair?
Is it by their clothes?
Is it by the words that they use?
If they use big words like sanctification and consubstantiation, do you know what they're a Christian?
I was listening to a podcast recently.
It was a person who was Catholic, a person who was Jewish.
And to listen to them talk, you would think that to be a Christian means to observe certain religious rituals.
That's what it means.
It goes to go to church, observe other certain religious rituals.
Is that how you can tell?
In the New Testament, Jesus refers to those who follow him, not as Christians.
That term came later in the book of Acts.
Jesus refers to his followers as disciples.
Now the word disciple was not unique to Jesus.
John the Baptist had disciples, other rabbis had disciples.
In fact, in the New Testament, the Greek word for disciple is used 261 times.
The literal translation means to be an apprentice or a learner.
In ancient Jewish culture, formal education for little boys began about six years of age.
So Jewish boys were enrolled in their local synagogue school
called Bet Sufer, and they would begin to memorize the first five books of the Bible, Genesis, Exodus, of Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy.
Can you imagine a six-year-old memorizing the book of Leviticus?
Once they would graduate, they would move on to what was called Bet Talmud, where from the age of 10 to 14, they would memorize the rest of the Old Testament.
The best of the best would then graduate to what was called bet midrash.
Now many of them didn't graduate to that level.
They would simply then go into the family business, go into fishing, something like that.
But for the best of the best, they would move into bet midrash and there they would choose a rabbi.
They would choose someone that they wanted to learn from and to follow.
And if that rabbi believed that this person was worthy of their time and their attention, they would formally invite them to follow him.
by saying these words, come and follow me.
And when they said those words, that person, if they chose to follow, would become that rabbi's disciple.
That meant that they spent every waking moment with that person.
They would go where the rabbi went.
They did what he did.
They would listen to everything that he said.
In other words, a disciple is not just someone who believes God exists.
Satan believes that.
I'll talk to people sometimes.
I'll say, yeah, I'm a Christian.
I believe in God.
I've always believed that there's a God.
And what I want to say in that moment is, Satan knows that there's a God.
Satan believes that there's a God.
He knows this.
He knows that Jesus is the Son of God, but Satan is not a disciple.
A disciple is not just someone who believes that God exists.
A disciple is not someone who just goes to church when they have some time.
They're not a person who's a good person or a moral person.
Here's what a disciple is.
A disciple very simply is a person who follows Jesus Christ.
When Jesus says, come and follow me, it's a person who says, yes, I will follow.
That means that when it comes to decisions like, who should I date?
What should I do this weekend?
How should I spend my money?
They would look to Jesus and his word to answer those questions.
In Jesus' time, there was a phrase covered in the dust of his rabbi and referred to a disciple who was walking so closely behind his rabbi that the dust from the rabbi's heels would begin to kick up on him.
And so they would say, you are covered in the dust of your rabbi.
Here's the question I wanna ask you.
Are you covered in the dust of your rabbi?
Are you walking that close to Jesus?
All this brings us to Matthew 28, the verse we've been focused on in this series.
What we've said is this verse is our one job as Christians.
That this verse is the message, the mission that Jesus gave to every single follower of Christ.
When Vince Lombardi stood in front of his football team for the first time in 1961 at training camp, he held up a football.
He said, gentlemen, this is a football.
His point was, we're getting back to the basics.
We're gonna get back to the fundamentals.
And that's what we've been trying to do in this series.
Let's go back to the basics.
Let's go back to the fundamentals of our faith.
Here's what Jesus said in Matthew 28.
Jesus came to them, that's his disciples.
And he said this, all authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.
It's important because the next word is therefore.
So in light of that authority, here's what he says to us.
Go and make disciples.
This is the mission of every single follower of Christ.
Go make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and the Son and of the Holy Spirit and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you.
Notice the verbs here.
Go, baptize.
Make.
I know what it means to go, and I know what it means to baptize, but here's the question.
What does it mean to make a disciple?
As I was writing this message, I thought, are people gonna care about this?
I mean, you might be struggling with anxiety, you might have financial struggles, you might be trying to raise kids.
Is making disciples, is that even in the top 10 list of things you're thinking about?
You could see why that wouldn't be the case.
Let me try to persuade you.
In his book, True Disciples, George Barnas says this.
He says, following Jesus isn't a program.
It's not a worship service.
It's not a class that you take.
Here's what it is.
It's a lifelong adventure.
It affects how you think the decisions you make and how you relate to others.
I want to be a better leader.
I wanna be a better husband, I wanna be a better father, I wanna think better, and not just better, I wanna think like Jesus thought.
I wanna love people like Jesus loved people.
I want to live like Jesus lived.
Wouldn't you want that for the people that you love, the people that you're around every day?
If you wanna make a difference in our world, make disciples.
If you wanna be a great mom, a great dad, disciple your kids,
If you wanna have a purpose for your life, make disciples, you might be here today and think, I'm just an accountant, I sell insurance, I'm a teacher, I'm a coach, here's what you really are.
You are in the disciple making business.
You are in the disciple making business just as much as I am in the disciple making business.
To be a follower of Jesus Christ.
To be a disciple of Jesus Christ is to make other disciples.
Let me show you two characteristics.
of a disciple or a follower of Christ.
The first one is this, they know and they obey the voice of God.
If you're wondering, what does it mean to be a follower of Christ?
They are a person who knows and they obey God's voice.
Jesus told a parable one time in John 10 as a story.
And in the story, he was the shepherd and we were the sheep.
And here's what he says about his followers who are the sheep in this story.
He said, the shepherd's sheep follow him.
So right away, it's a disciple following his rabbi.
They're going where he went.
They follow him and why do they do that?
Because they know his voice.
Do you know God's voice?
I had someone ask me this question recently that, but how do you know?
I mean, how do you know it's just not your own thoughts?
How do you know it's God's voice?
And they had listened to a sermon from another pastor and he was telling a story about a time he was praying.
And he had this like 20 minute conversation with God, where it was like this kind of flippant, joking, back and forth between him and God.
And so he was like, you know, I'm not gonna do that God and God's, you know, you're not so important to me.
And it was like this big, funny, like 20 minute little flippant conversation.
Now maybe he was just embellishing the story a little bit, but when I hear pastors talk like that, I get worried.
And the reason that I get worried is because it sets the expectation that if you're hearing from God, that's how you'll hear from Him.
It lends the impression that, well, maybe the pastor is hearing from God in a way that's not available to me.
And that's simply not true.
I have never had a 20 minute flippant, funny, little back and forth with Almighty Holy God.
When God speaks to me, here's often how I hear his voice.
Often it's through Scripture.
I'll read a verse in the Bible and I'll think about it and I'll meditate on it and I'll realize God is using that verse to speak to me in a certain situation in my life.
You got to get this.
God will never say something to you that contradicts what he said in the Bible.
If you hear something from God and you're like, oh, I think that's God.
And then you read it in the Bible and it contradicts what you thought that you heard that wasn't God.
God will never say something to you that contradicts what he has already said.
But sometimes one of the ways I will hear from God is I'll have a thought or someone else will speak to me.
And that doesn't mean that every thought or everything that people say is from God.
But here's what I've come to realize over the years as I've gotten to know God.
As I've read the Bible, as I've prayed, as I've followed Him and spent time with Him, over time, I've come to know His voice.
If you know God, you often begin to know His voice.
I've told this story before, but several years ago, I got pulled over on 35W in the middle of rush hour traffic.
And I'll just tell you, if you're a pastor of a church and you get pulled over in rush hour, here's what you do.
You look the other way.
You pretend like that guardrail is the most interesting thing you have ever seen in your entire life.
I mean, people are not seeing the front of my face.
They might see the back, but I'm gonna look over here because I don't want people driving by and go, that's my pastor.
Got pulled over and then freeway right there.
So I'm looking the other way.
The next day, my mom called me on the phone.
She said, did you get pulled over on 35W yesterday?
This is my 80 year old mom.
And I said to her, yeah, I did.
And then in a rather happy and excited tone, she said, I knew it.
I drove past and I saw the car.
I thought, Jason has that car.
And then I drove past and I saw the back of your head and I knew it was you.
Now, I don't know many people who have been pulled over in front of their 80 year old mom.
But why did my mom know me?
Well, why did she know it was me?
Well, because she knows me.
She could recognize me.
Maybe today you are turning your head from God.
There's something that you don't want God to see.
You certainly don't want other people to see it.
You are hiding it.
You are turning from God.
God knows you.
The Bible says he knows the number of hairs on the back of your head.
knows you and not only does he know you, he wants you to know his voice.
And not only does he want you to know his voice, he wants you to obey his voice.
When my son Hudson was three years old, he used to get out of bed all the time at night.
And so there was this one night, I put him back into bed three different times.
And I told him, I said, hey, you get out of bed again, you are gonna get a big consequence.
And I didn't tell him what the consequence was because I didn't know.
This is my whole parenting philosophy.
I bluff.
I bluff all the time.
Sometimes they call your bluff, sometimes they don't.
And so about an hour later, I was walking up to go to bed and there's Hudson sitting on the steps, top of the steps like this, half asleep, and he looks down and he sees me start coming up the stairs and I'm coming in hot.
I mean, I'm not happy.
And so he kind of jumps up and he looks over at me and I get to him and he goes, oh, daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy.
You the best daddy ever.
And I thought, wow, thank you, son.
I really appreciate that encouragement.
But here's what I really wanted him to do.
I wanted him to obey me.
I didn't just want him to tell me I was the best dad ever that he loved me.
Second John says this, this is love that we walk in obedience to his commands.
And we can say, well, God, I love you, but really what demonstrates our love is when we walk in obedience to His commands.
It doesn't mean that we're perfect, but it means there's a desire in our life to obey God, to obey His voice.
James, chapter two says this, but if someone will say, you have faith, I have works.
Like, well, you know, one person has faith, one person has works, you know, it doesn't really matter.
Someone will say that.
Here's what James says, show me your faith without your works.
And I will show you my faith by my works.
This is such an important theological concept.
The Bible makes it clear, we are saved by God's grace through faith in Jesus Christ.
That is how a person is saved.
They are not saved by good works.
But if you have faith in Jesus Christ, your works will demonstrate your faith.
Your works will be a byproduct of your faith in Jesus Christ.
Your works don't save you.
But your works will show and illustrate the faith that you have.
Here's what a disciple does.
They know God's voice and they want to obey God's voice.
Here's the second characteristic.
a disciple makes disciples.
Paul in 1 Corinthians says this, he says, my goal is to find common ground with everyone that I meet so that I might bring them to Christ.
What if this week you sat down and said, this is my goal?
Every new person that I meet, every person I encounter, my goal is to build some common ground with them
for the purpose that I could lead them to faith in Jesus Christ.
And my son Hudson was 12 years old.
He was out at a restaurant with a friend and he asked the waitress, he said, what are some of the like pops and lemonades that you would recommend?
They had some different ones on the menu.
And she goes, oh, high fructose corn syrup, I don't touch that stuff.
Wasn't exactly selling her product real well.
Then she went on a rant about vitamin D and vitamin C and the importance of that in your life.
So my son said, well, he should meet my health teacher.
She goes, is he single?
And my son goes, actually he is.
Now Hudson was telling me this story and I was like, wow, this is perfect.
Like this actually sounds really good.
And he goes, well, she had a mullet.
I said, why is that a negative?
I mean, she's taking your order, all professional, then when she turns around, she's letting you know.
You're gonna have a good time tonight, okay?
It's going to be a good time.
I said, that's not a negative at all.
But here was the cool part of the conversation.
She said, when I became a Christian last year, I started to get healthy in all areas of my life.
And my son, 12 years old, he goes, oh, I'm a Christian.
My friends are Christian.
She goes, you are.
She said, I get so excited when I hear young people today who are following Jesus.
And I'm the same way.
I get so excited when I talk to a teenager or a young adult who loves Jesus, it just fires me up.
Gen Z, this generation of young people, is turning to Christ like no other generation in the last several decades.
I mean, just read the statistics.
Church attendance is up and it's Gen Z. Gen Z is the one who's attending church more than any other demographic or generation.
They're buying Bibles.
They're reading the Bible.
They are pursuing God.
This generation is hungry for God in their life and it just excites me.
I got an email this week.
When we baptized people, we asked them to write out their testimony of how they came to Christ.
And this is what this guy wrote.
He said, I didn't grow up religious.
I always thought that something big would have to happen in my life for me to come to Christ.
He said, within two weeks of each other, my grandpa passed away.
And my girlfriend of five years broke up with me.
He said, I was struggling to find purpose in life.
Each day felt repetitive and empty.
When I was an unbeliever, that's how my life felt.
It's just repetitive, it's empty.
He said, there wasn't a major fallout between me and my girlfriend.
The main issue was I wasn't religious and she was.
We broke up in the parking lot at Bethel University where she attended school.
And the last thing she told me was this, buy a Bible and go to Eaglebrook Church.
I like this girl.
He said on May 18th, 2025, so almost a year ago, he said, I went to church for the first time in my life.
And I went alone.
That day, Jason, me was speaking.
The series was on the book of Revelation, which he said was confusing to me.
He has a tough one, first time ever in church, you're in a series on Revelation.
But he said, Jason shared his personal testimony.
He talked about how while he was in college, he wasn't a believer.
He went to visit his girlfriend who was a Christian.
Unknowingly, she had planned to break up with him, ended the relationship, gave him a pamphlet about the Bible.
And a few days later, he broke down and gave his life to Jesus.
Hearing Jason's testimony felt impossible to ignore, the similarities were undeniable.
He could have shared that testimony any other week of the year, but he shared it that day.
Right after I had gone through the near same exact experience, I don't believe that was a coincidence.
From that moment forward, I gave my life to Jesus.
A few weeks later, my girlfriend and I met again to talk everything through, we got back together, began attending Eagle Brook together every week.
On December 30th, I asked her to marry me and we got engaged.
He said, thanks again, Jason.
Well, you're welcome.
When they have children, I think Jason would be a perfect name.
I'm just going to throw that out there for them.
But I was reading that email in my office.
I was choked up.
I was just choked up that God would use my life and my story
and that God would take someone who's going through something similar and go, I'm gonna have you be in church this weekend.
And I'm gonna have you hear this testimony right at this moment in your life because I love you and I want to draw you to myself.
And when I hear stories like that, I get so excited and I want everyone in our church to experience that.
I want everyone in our church to know how to share your faith in Jesus, how to make disciples.
And I talk to people all the time and we're like, I know I should tell people about Jesus.
I know I wanna talk more about Jesus.
I just don't know what to say.
And I'm gonna show you a way that you can share your faith with someone.
This is what someone shared with me when I was a non-believer and it made sense.
And this is just one tool, you don't have to do this.
In fact, most conversations, I'm just trying to build some common ground and use that to lead a person to Jesus.
But if you're wondering, you're like, well, how would I share my faith?
Let me try to show you what this person shared with me.
Here's what they shared with me.
They said, you are over here and there is a gap between you and God.
Sorry for my drawing.
There's a gap between you and God and here's the gap.
It's sin.
Now at this point, here's what a lot of people do.
They'll go, well, I don't know.
I'm not really sure if I have sinned.
And this is where it's good to know some Bible verses.
Romans 3, 23 says, all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God.
There is not a single person who has never sinned before.
If you're here today and you're like, I don't think I've ever sinned before.
You're lying, that's a sin.
And so what I will explain to the person is I will say, this sin creates a gap between you and God.
And then I will take them to Romans 6, 23, the wages of sin is death.
A wage is something you earn, it's something you've deserved.
So the wage of our sin is death, that is physical death one day, but it's also spiritual death and separation from God as well.
Now here's what people will say to me often at this point, they'll say, well, I've made some mistakes, done some things I shouldn't have done, but it seems kind of harsh, that the penalty for that would be death.
And what I will point out to them is every time you sin, it creates this gap.
If you sin against your kids, it will create a gap between you and your son or your daughter.
If you sin against your spouse, it will create a gap in your marriage.
If you sin a big sin against your spouse, it will create a huge gap and separation in that relationship.
It's the same way with God.
When we sin against God, it creates separation.
But here's the difference.
God is not just another human being.
God is infinite.
He is holy.
And so when we sin against Him, the gap that it creates is infinite.
You can't just say, well, I'm going to go to the food shelf and volunteer a few hours and I'll kind of close that gap.
There's no amount of good works that can close that gap between you and God.
And so God took the initiative.
Romans 5, 8 says, he demonstrates his love for us that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
It's the cross.
It's the cross of Jesus Christ that bridges that gap.
It's why this is called the bridge analogy.
And how do you walk across that bridge?
Romans 10,
9 says that if you confess with your lips and you believe in your heart that Jesus Christ is Lord, you will be saved.
You can share this with anyone.
You can draw this out on a napkin.
If you just know these verses that all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God, Romans 3, 23, Romans 6, 23, the wages of sin is death with the free gift of God as eternal life through Jesus Christ.
Romans 5, 8, God demonstrates His love for us, that while we're still sinners, Christ died for us.
Romans 10, 9, if you confess with your lips, believe in your heart, Jesus Christ is Lord, you will be safe.
You memorize those four verses and you know how to just draw this out and explain how a person gets to Jesus.
You can share your faith and lead another person to Christ.
Now maybe you're watching this, you're like, I don't know if I'll remember all that.
We have a QR code for you.
QR code coming up on the screen here, I hope in just a moment.
There it is.
grab your phone, you can grab that.
If you're online, we'll have that up after church.
So when the service is over, you can just stay in your seat and pull that up.
It will have this drawing and the verses that I just laid out so that you have it on your phone and you can be ready and prepared.
If all else fails, invite a person to church.
I had lunch with a couple of friends recently who go to our church and afterwards my wife said, do you remember how they started coming?
And I was like, no, I actually don't.
It was like 10 years ago.
And she said, our daughter Isabel was six years old.
And she was in the kids ministry here at Eagle Brook.
And they gave out suckers.
And I don't remember why the whole connection to suckers.
But they gave out a sucker and said, use this to invite someone to church.
And so later that day, we were at a basketball tournament.
Us and this other family, our sons were on the same basketball team.
And Isabel, six years old, walked up to this family and said, would you like to go to church?
Here's a sucker.
And they said, yeah.
We've been thinking about going to church.
We'll come.
And so they started coming to church and God got ahold of their life.
And the wife at one point texted my wife and she said, I've been reading through the Bible in a year and God is spiritually moving in our family and in our heart and in our lives.
And all it took was a six year old girl walking up and going, would you come to church?
Next weekend we are starting a new series called Encounters with Jesus.
We've been planning and working on this series
for months.
Our prayer and our hope is that people wouldn't just know about Jesus, but that they would know Him.
That they wouldn't just hear about Him, but that they would encounter Him and experience Him in their life.
And next week's message is, will you follow Jesus?
It is the perfect message to invite someone to.
We are going to share the gospel and give people a chance to respond.
Who is that person in your life that you could bring?
Who is that person in your life that you could say, hey, I'll take you out to lunch, I'll take you out to dinner, just come to church, give it a lead up to Easter as you just spiritually give yourself some time to get to know Jesus leading up to Easter.
But who is that person that you could invite to church next weekend?
I believe that life and death are at stake.
In 1912, there was a Scottish pastor named John Harper who boarded a ship called the Titanic with his daughter and his niece.
He was headed to Chicago.
He was going to speak at Moody Bible Church for over a month.
And as you know, on April 14th, the Titanic hit an iceberg and it began to sink.
John Harper put his daughter and his niece on a lifeboat, but then he gave up his spot for a woman.
As his niece and his daughter were drifting away, his niece said that she looked up
And she saw her uncle, John, on the deck of the Titanic, and he was saying to people, believe in Jesus and you will be saved.
And she drifted away.
Four years later, a man stood up at a church in Scotland.
He said, I became a Christian the night the Titanic sunk.
I was holding on to a piece of driftwood in the water, and this man, John Harper, drifted over towards me.
And he asked me, he said, are you saved?
And I said, no, sir, I don't believe that I am.
And he said, believe in Jesus and you will be saved.
And he said, then John Harper drifted away and on a wave and he came back a little bit later.
He said, are you saved yet?
He said, no, I don't think I am.
Harper drifted away in another wave and the man never saw him again.
His body sunk to the ocean floor.
But he says, as I sat there holding onto this piece of drift to it.
I can't even explain it, but God did something and I believed.
And in that moment, the Holy Spirit came into my life and I believed that Jesus Christ died on the cross for my sins and I prayed to receive him into my life.
He said, I was John Harper's last convert.
Is there someone in your life who's drifting?
Is there someone in your life who needs to be rescued?
Go.
Tell them about Jesus.
Invite them to church.
Do whatever it takes.
Go and make disciples.
Let's pray together as we close.
Jesus right now,
I pray for our church.
I pray for every person here who is a follower of Jesus Christ, that this week an invitation would go out.
And I'm in this as well, God, I'm doing this as well.
God, would you bring a name to our mind right now of someone who's drifting spiritually and who needs you in their life?
And God, would you give us the courage and the strength and the opportunity, God, to invite them this week?
That they would hear the message of what does it mean to follow Jesus Christ?
And they would be given an opportunity to respond to Him.
God, go before us right now.
Go before us in those conversations.
Soften that person's heart so they'd be open to saying yes.
Prepare their hearts right now for what they're gonna hear next week.
And the opportunity to respond, God, I pray that your spirit would move.
And God, it strikes me that what if thousands of people across the Twin Cities and across the world this week began to go make disciples?
To go do the mission you've called every single one of us to do, to go and to make disciples, God, would you use us this week to help people to see what it means to follow you?
Would you speak through us, God?
Would you use our life?
I pray in Jesus' name, amen.
All right, we'll see you next weekend.